It's too expensive
I can't help it.
Boss Chen, this is my designer.
The last work of my career
Of course it's priceless to me
But I have to keep it for myself and give it to a match.
Because boss you
Only then can his value be fully released, haha.
Galactic Love
I'll take it.
I have 1 billion card
Although not as valuable as Galactic Love
But please take it
Ten billion
Where is Shangguan going?
I'm late.
Tianze, you are here, Jia Rou, happy birthday.
Yarou, let me introduce you.
My friend Chen Tianze
Could Chen Tianze be before?
Chen Tianze who made a big deal of the Xiao family auction
Yes, it's mine.
Asia
Why would you invite someone like that to your birthday party?
You don't know that he gave a small discount before.
Who will I call for my birthday to help him eliminate zero days?
What's up
Let's do it first, the Tianze banquet won't start until a while
Yarong, why didn't you call me on your birthday?
I've bought all the gifts for you.
Chen Tianze, why are you here?